Hello, my name is Bradley Drummonds.

1. What is Semantic HTML? 

HTNL is the framework for css & semantic html is referring to html elements that have meaning 

2. What is HTML used for? 

program language for web development 

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

characteristic of page element - example could be color or font-size & it predominantly in the css file associated with the html 


4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? 

mostly used for main header of web page - 1 time 

5. Name two tags that have required attributes 

link and image 

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

title & meta tag 

7. What is an id? 

tag used to identify a specific element 

8. What elements can I add an id to? 

One time.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

One time.

10. What is a class? 

The HTML class attribute is used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name -soall HTML elements with the same class attribute will get the same style 



11. What elements can I add a class to? 

all html elements 



12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

unlimited 

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? 

add target attribute to an anchor tag or link & value of attrtibute __blank 



14. What is the alt attribute used for? 

attribute of an image & if image doesn't display - describes image - screen readers can use it to read the image 



15. How do I reference an id? 

#id name 

16. What is the difference between a section and a div 

section is semantic html & div is not 


17. What is CSS used for? 

to style your html 


18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page 

h2 


19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one 

class can be used to style multiple elements and id is used for individual element 

a div class or id section 



20. How do we select classes in CSS? 

.class 



21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? 

p.human 



22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

so child elements will be same & inherit styling of parent 



23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? 

div.sidebar link 



24. What is a pseudo selector? 

describes a special state of selectd elements 

ex. :hover - and put the element in front of it 



25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? 

use line height property in css 



26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? 

letter-spacing in css 



27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? 

text-transform in css 



28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 

div { 

border: 1px dotted black; 

} 



29. How do I select everything on the page? 

universal selector * 

30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 

/*comment*/ 
// one-line comment


31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

it tells the folder & then you go into the file you are looking for & it will show you 



32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? 

ls 



33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

rm filename - bc you can't get file back if delete 



34. Why should I use version control? 

as needed 



35. How often should I commit to github? 

whenever you make changes to a file in the repository.



36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

git push 



37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Clone a repository then after changes are made then add, commit and push.
